Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to how you can relight images
using win image with Laura. Okay, first
thing first we have to download and
install G camp UI. Can get the
installation process link in the
description. Okay, let's do that. Open
the cap UI
code template.
Go right here
for this model and this workflow. You
must download all of those files. Click
here copy link or you can download it
here.
Download all files one by one. I already
download all of those files. Okay. After
downloading those files,
let's copy it one by one. Okay, let's go
here to camp oil.
Make it right here.
Uh, search for motorless.
Where is motorless?
Uh, this one. Okay. After what that
let's put one by one. Okay. The first
one we queen image vie mar want the food
in the vie
cut.
Let's search for b a e.
Paste right here. Second one. Text
encoder queen 2.5
scale it
text encoder
third file diffusing model image edit
image edit.
19 GB.
Where is 19 GB? This one
got
diffuse
models
right here.
Okay. This file like proeps
800 GB.
This one cup
right here
is Laura.
Okay. This one.
Okay. Find one in Lorus.
Okay. Queen image. Okay. Right. Right.
And let's put it here.
And
no. We are done from downloading and
putting all of those files in the those
places. Okay, we reload the page and
let's see.
Okay, vie
mode. So is this. Let's start.
Okay, fine. Let's return here
this
copy this file
to camp
modus
and put it here in the via.
Okay, fine. I think it's good. That's it
now.
And let's upload image and write it. For
example, let's search for any image.
For example, leaving
Let's search for anyone. Let's choose
for example this one.
Okay. Save this image as JPEG.
Not about here.
And let's upload our file and let's see
what's happening here.
after that.
So this prompt is take between two and
three minute to relight this image. This
first image and this is the output.
Okay, thank you guys for watching this
all for this tutorial. See you later in
the next tutorial. I'm going to test
another model.